hey it's me Destin
the idea here at smarter every day is to
make you smarter I guess it was 1872 the
Governor of California tried to solve
the age-old question when a horse runs
are all four of its hooves off the
ground at any point in transit now
artists of the day like to show images
with the horses feet out front and back
off the ground so he commissioned a guy
named Edward May bridge to create a
series of images while the horse was
running our main bridge was pretty sharp
so what he did is he strung some strings
out and had a man ride the horse through
the series of strings and each string
was associated with a camera basically
it was a time of arrival switch so this
was pretty interesting now this is a
pulse generator given to me by a company
in Montana called quantum composers it's
amazing it is a time machine without the
flux capacitor basically time for
science what we're going to do is we've
got a piezo electric transducer rigged
up to this thing on the trigger input
all you have to do is just trigger the
thing acoustically and it flashes and
this is programmable down to the 25 Pico
second resolution here's a 1.8 second
flash after the sound so it's pretty
awesome anyway so what we're going to do
is we're going to create a series of
high-speed photography images and put
them together in a video just like Mae
Bridge did back in the day so let's do
it
weapons are not toys what you're about
to see was done by educated experienced
personnel in a controlled environment
be smart let's load may bridge bullet
take one here we go
this is what the video looks like
straight up just as shot and this is
what the video looks like once I correct
for the ballistic variance and go in
there and put them in order in distance
so pretty cool okay so some of you are
thinking that's awesome no clue what it
means so let me explain commercial high
speed cameras are very expensive but
what we've done for repetitive events
we've created one at a fraction of the
cost
and it's seven times the resolution of
1080p so like neighbors we've combined
simpler technologies to create something
that was technologically out of our
reach it's pretty cool I've got some
improvements to this keep an eye on me
all right it is way too late to be
playing with guns and time machine so I
got to go to bed um today we did art
science math a little bit of history we
played with guns and cameras that's
pretty awesome so if you would subscribe
and tell all your friends I'm sure
they'd enjoy this stuff too I'll put a
link down in the info on the video
please click it the least you can do is
check the website out if you're an
engineer it's really really cool stuff I
got my dad a Father's Day and I want to
show you chickens have to keep their
head stay
so you have to know your positions and
where your motion is going show you what
you said stay stationary as I samadhi I
can move his body and pretty much it